capital = 542

oob = "BOT_1936"

# Starting tech
set_technology = {
	infantry_weapons = 1
	tech_mountaineers = 1
}

set_convoys = 5

recruit_character = BOT_aa2
recruit_character = BOT_awt
recruit_character = BOT_coi
recruit_character = BOT_stc
recruit_character = BOT_acgs
recruit_character = BOT_nccr
recruit_character = BOT_ncs
recruit_character = BOT_nt
recruit_character = BOT_communist_guy
recruit_character = BOT_acr
recruit_character = BOT_pot
recruit_character = BOT_aco2
recruit_character = BOT_mt
recruit_character = BOT_ar
recruit_character = BOT_fascist_guy
recruit_character = BOT_acd2
recruit_character = BOT_ncm
recruit_character = BOT_ai2
recruit_character = BOT_acas
recruit_character = BOT_democratic_guy