capital = 608

set_technology = {
	infantry_weapons = 1
	infantry_weapons1 = 1
	tech_recon = 1
	tech_engineers = 1
	tech_support = 1
	tech_mountaineers = 1
	tech_trucks = 1
	basic_train = 1
}
create_country_leader = {
	name = guangxu
	desc = guangxu_desc
	picture = GFX_MAN_guangxu
	expire = "1953.3.1"
	ideology = despotism
	traits = {	
		puppet_emperor	
	}
}
if = {
	limit = { has_dlc = "Waking the Tiger" }
	set_country_flag = MAN_northern_bandits
	set_country_flag = MAN_eastern_bandits
	set_country_flag = MAN_western_bandits
	add_ideas = MAN_banditry
	add_ideas = MAN_kwantung_veto
	add_ideas = MAN_low_legitimacy_5
	recruit_character = MAN_songgotu_zhanshan
}
recruit_character = MAN_aisin_gioro_guangxu
recruit_character = MAN_aisin_gioro_puyi
recruit_character = MAN_zhang_haipeng
recruit_character = MAN_zhang_jinghui
recruit_character = MAN_aisin_gioro_xiqia
recruit_character = MAN_yoshiko_kawashima
recruit_character = MAN_zhao_shangzhi
recruit_character = MAN_changlin_linge
recruit_character = MAN_kyoiji_tomonaga
recruit_character = MAN_yonimitsu_kasahara
recruit_character = MAN_deng_linge
recruit_character = MAN_hung_zhehuang
recruit_character = MAN_nakajima_kesago
recruit_character = MAN_yin_zuoqian
recruit_character = MAN_hesehn_tiemei
recruit_character = MAN_xian_yuan
recruit_character = MAN_guan_xingde
recruit_character = MAN_megata_toshiro
recruit_character = CHI_chiang_kaishek
recruit_character = CHI_zhang_guotao
recruit_character = CHI_wang_jingwei
recruit_character = CHI_weng_wenhao
recruit_character = CHI_tu_yuming
recruit_character = CHI_hsueh_yueh
recruit_character = CHI_tai_anlan
recruit_character = CHI_wang_yaowu
recruit_character = CHI_sun_li_jen
recruit_character = CHI_hu_zongnan
recruit_character = CHI_gu_zhutong
recruit_character = CHI_wei_lihuang
recruit_character = CHI_fu_zuoyi
recruit_character = CHI_zhang_xueliang
recruit_character = CHI_fang_zeyi
recruit_character = CHI_zhu_de
recruit_character = CHI_chen_cheng
recruit_character = CHI_li_zongren
recruit_character = CHI_bo_yibo
recruit_character = CHI_huang_shen
recruit_character = CHI_chen_jitang
recruit_character = CHI_wang_shuming
recruit_character = CHI_bai_chongxi
recruit_character = CHI_zhou_zhirou
recruit_character = CHI_xiao_yisu
recruit_character = CHI_chen_shaokuan
recruit_character = CHI_xiao_jinguang
recruit_character = CHI_yu_hanmou
recruit_character = CHI_he_yingqin
recruit_character = CHI_gao_zhihang
recruit_character = CHI_h_h_kung
recruit_character = CHI_chen_guofu
recruit_character = CHI_chiang_ching_kuo
recruit_character = CHI_chen_yi
recruit_character = CHI_soong_mei_ling
recruit_character = CHI_random_prince_of_terror
recruit_character = CHI_lin_sen
recruit_character = PRC_mao_zedong
recruit_character = PRC_zhu_de
recruit_character = PRC_chen_yi
recruit_character = PRC_peng_dehuai
recruit_character = PRC_lin_biao
recruit_character = PRC_kwong_hu
recruit_character = PRC_luo_zhao
recruit_character = PRC_liang_ma
recruit_character = PRC_ma_jin
recruit_character = PRC_ziao_jingguang
recruit_character = PRC_nie_rongzhen
recruit_character = PRC_su_yu
recruit_character = PRC_liu_bocheng
recruit_character = PRC_chen_geng
recruit_character = PRC_gao_qiu
recruit_character = PRC_liang_shen
recruit_character = PRC_otto_braun
recruit_character = PRC_gao_gang
recruit_character = PRC_fang_zeyi
recruit_character = PRC_xu_xiangqian
recruit_character = PRC_deng_ye_peng
recruit_character = PRC_ye_jianying
recruit_character = PRC_hsia_tian
recruit_character = PRC_zhang_wei
recruit_character = PRC_zhou_enlai
recruit_character = PRC_liu_shaoqi
recruit_character = PRC_lin_bojiu
recruit_character = PRC_dong_biwu
recruit_character = PRC_he_yuandang
recruit_character = SIK_sheng_shicai
recruit_character = SIK_chiang_yufen
recruit_character = SIK_kwong_jin
recruit_character = SIK_luo_wei
recruit_character = SIK_liang_jiang
recruit_character = SIK_piotr_orlov
recruit_character = SIK_kwong_tian
recruit_character = SIK_yu_wei
recruit_character = SIK_deng_tian
recruit_character = SIK_xie_peng
recruit_character = SIK_yang_tian
recruit_character = SIK_cheng_fang
recruit_character = SIK_ma_wei
recruit_character = SIK_yol_bars
recruit_character = SIK_gao_jiang
recruit_character = SIK_mao_wu
recruit_character = SIK_sa_zhenbing
recruit_character = SIK_tan_ma
recruit_character = SIK_zhang_xiliang
recruit_character = SIK_habibullah_huseinov
recruit_character = SIK_isa_yusuf_alptekin
recruit_character = XSM_ma_bufang
recruit_character = XSM_ma_hongbin
recruit_character = XSM_mao_sun
recruit_character = XSM_hsia_sun
recruit_character = XSM_hsia_jin
recruit_character = XSM_au_yongrui
recruit_character = XSM_ho_tengfei
recruit_character = XSM_lian_zenguang
recruit_character = XSM_chun_minsheng
recruit_character = XSM_ma_donghai
recruit_character = XSM_ma_hongkui
recruit_character = XSM_wu_qi
recruit_character = XSM_keng_gui
recruit_character = XSM_may_chongan
recruit_character = XSM_keng_shoushan
recruit_character = XSM_ma_buqing
recruit_character = XSM_li_shiqun
recruit_character = XSM_fang_jing
recruit_character = XSM_zi_shen
recruit_character = YUN_long_yun
recruit_character = YUN_lu_han
recruit_character = YUN_mao_dong
recruit_character = YUN_cheng_peng
recruit_character = YUN_hsia_wu
recruit_character = YUN_liao_fang
recruit_character = YUN_luo_sun
recruit_character = YUN_huang_dong
recruit_character = YUN_zhang_wu
recruit_character = YUN_zhu_hu
recruit_character = YUN_li_jiang
recruit_character = YUN_chen_zhao
recruit_character = YUN_hu_wei
recruit_character = YUN_liu_zhao
recruit_character = YUN_liang_peng
recruit_character = YUN_pan_tian
recruit_character = YUN_wang_jiang
recruit_character = YUN_zhou_zhirou
recruit_character = YUN_liu_wenhui
recruit_character = YUN_ding_zhipan

set_convoys = 5

set_stability = 0.25
set_war_support = 0.5
give_military_access = GER
give_military_access = SOV
give_military_access = FRA
give_military_access = ENG
give_military_access = USA
give_military_access = JAP
give_military_access = AUS
if = {
		limit = { has_dlc = "Waking the Tiger" }

		
		#No bandits
		unlock_national_focus = MAN_pacify_the_countryside
		remove_ideas = MAN_banditry

		complete_national_focus = MAN_army_modernization
		complete_national_focus = MAN_mukden_military_academy
		complete_national_focus = MAN_law_university
		complete_national_focus = MAN_obedience

		#Five year plan
		unlock_national_focus = MAN_first_five_year_plan
		add_timed_idea = { days = 1275 idea = MAN_five_year_plan_industry }

		complete_national_focus = MAN_trade_delegation
		complete_national_focus = MAN_expand_the_textile_industry
		complete_national_focus = MAN_hoankyoku
		complete_national_focus = MAN_invite_japanese_investors
		complete_national_focus = MAN_expand_the_railways
		complete_national_focus = MAN_develop_aluminum_sources
		complete_national_focus = MAN_social_research_unit
	}
	
    set_politics = {
	ruling_party = neutrality
	last_election = "1900.1.1"
	election_frequency = 48
	elections_allowed = no
}
set_popularities = {
	fascism = 0
	neutrality = 90
	democratic = 5
	communism = 5
}
oob = "MAN_1905"

	#generic focuses
	complete_national_focus = army_effort
	complete_national_focus = equipment_effort
	complete_national_focus = motorization_effort
	complete_national_focus = aviation_effort
	complete_national_focus = naval_effort
	complete_national_focus = flexible_navy
	complete_national_focus = industrial_effort
	complete_national_focus = construction_effort
	complete_national_focus = production_effort


	if = {
		limit = { has_dlc = "Waking the Tiger" }

		
		#No bandits
		unlock_national_focus = MAN_pacify_the_countryside
		remove_ideas = MAN_banditry

		complete_national_focus = MAN_army_modernization
		complete_national_focus = MAN_mukden_military_academy
		complete_national_focus = MAN_law_university
		complete_national_focus = MAN_obedience

		#Five year plan
		unlock_national_focus = MAN_first_five_year_plan
		add_timed_idea = { days = 1275 idea = MAN_five_year_plan_industry }

		complete_national_focus = MAN_trade_delegation
		complete_national_focus = MAN_expand_the_textile_industry
		complete_national_focus = MAN_hoankyoku
		complete_national_focus = MAN_invite_japanese_investors
		complete_national_focus = MAN_expand_the_railways
		complete_national_focus = MAN_develop_aluminum_sources
		complete_national_focus = MAN_social_research_unit
	}
	